hello and welcome to an extended look of
the Strictly Come Dancing premiere 2012
I managed to squeeze myself into as many
sequins as humanly possible
then our cameraman is rocking a Cuban
heel we're ready
I know you guys are more than ready so
let's meet our class of 2012 that's what
we think I probably will be cycling
terrific for your lovely daughter Zoe
yes happiness really comes something
she's giving you lots of fish you didn't
know I've known the two months that I
was in the mix Zoe's earning over about
a week you have to keep up you know we
got Lewis - no there's that you know
that's a follow is amazing it gives you
all these endorphins that they're so
happy oh you looking at this side on the
right foot I think it might give you an
advantage I am consciously KY okay we
don't need to fall out about something
silly as a swelling that's all I've got
so do you move I can do I just keep
doing that Richard and you'll be fine
Gymkhana you're pretty decent at
backflip and a roly poly and all that
jazz can we expect to see these creeping
in see a dance routine well you'd have
to wait to see feet rate so you sleep in
the group dance my skills are definitely
being used what would you do with the
carnival group I
it really is real and so no that's
hanging back in there and it's like we
have no idea like this it's just do some
real yeah see some sneak previews in
training you've got rhythm are you sure
you've seen the right canvas take off my
eyelashes every time and put them in
little pots with all the pizza and a bit
of fringe of my dress each time look at
this you are rocking it girl people did
know I didn't have tattoos they do we
have yes they're quite heavy the very
Pat butcher yeah good it's very exciting
we have to comment on the new hairdo
what narrative like it's all kind of
bottle at the size is this it's a whole
new 2012 oh well its 2012 it's 10 season
so I decided to maybe to see all our
puns I think you know you can tell many
people they really really love this show
this is phenomenal and it's just a
pleasure to be part of it they need the
energy for us the celebrities I saw them
on the other day training and they're
all very very good well just by seeing
them all you're gonna realize how
amazing the series is going to be very
different from the year before we're
really looking forward to it because
gonna be amazing
Tyra you're very excited today hello
very well tell us something we don't
know about you Karen them tell everybody
it's watching it that wants to know more
about our new bro dance though I don't
know if you want to know about that but
have you got any and secret skills or
talents that we don't know about
obviously you're an amazing dancer well
I mean I like to sing in the shower
that's pretty much it I dug the hole
must have been watching as well share
with you shimmy
there we go it was with a bit of
attitude and a power I tried to be a bit
musty yeah I saw it
it is never me
she means one of these young shoulders
shoulders going like this the sim is not
quite it's early they get their movement
that I really know how that happened
that's the first jokes that we've had
while I did no shimmy but he gave us a
Jackson and so that concludes our red
carpet extravaganza make sure you tune
in on Saturdays to find out who our 2012
couples will be